I'm gonna go get in my poop
dumping uniform see any minute
working with poop and Haiti may
not necessarily seem like
something you could really put
your heart into like a job you
could really love
okay ready yes but basically
we've created this way to do
this work with dignity and to
make a livelihood that you can
feel proud of we convert human
waste into fertile soil that can
be used in agriculture instead
of being dependent on foreign
countries to send fertilizer to
restore haiti soil ecological
sanitation is a way that haiti
can use the resources that we
have here to actually generate
something locally
more than half of the people
living in Haiti do not have a
private place to go to the
bathroom
the impacts of people not having
access to a toilet are twofold
it's really it's about public
health and it's also about
we really rely on the power of
ecological systems once we dump
the waste most of the work is
then by naturally occurring soil
microbes the decomposition is
ongoing and after about six
months we have a finished
product which is just this
beautiful rich if tp- so you
tell you that the post to post
ideas that's the middle nothing
not even selected people can
actually feel like they're part
of a movement to restore haiti
soil to restore Hades
environment i have such an
amazing team of dedicated
passionate brilliant people
around me every day it's a job
that not only can you make a
livelihood doing it but you can
feel very proud to be a part of
restoration when you work in an
environment like that you can be
knee-deep in poop and it's still
the best job ever
mmm
being a young girl loving
dinosaurs that little bit
unusual and everyone thought I
was kind of weird but you said
get over that